Fix logic error in the explanation (#26892)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/views/tag-helpers/intro.md

       disabled="@(Model?.LicenseId == null)" />
```

> Normally, the `@` operator inserts a textual representation of an expression into the rendered HTML markup. However, when an expression evaluates to logical `false`, the framework removes the attribute instead. In the preceding example, the `disabled` attribute is removed if neither `Model` nor `LicenseId` is `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, the `@` operator inserts a textual representation of an expression into the rendered HTML markup. However, when an expression evaluates to logical `false`, the framework removes the attribute instead. In the preceding example, the `disabled` attribute is set to `true` if either `Model` or `LicenseId` is `null`.
```

Author: IMHO, the false case is more relevant to the preceding discussion.

Reviewer: > IMHO, the false case is more relevant to the preceding discussion.

It's not about the attributes, it's about working with `bool`  with `@`.

Author: It's about both but you are the boss 😃 thanks for the feedback
